README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asif883/asif883/refs/heads/main/images/github%20Cover%20Image.png">

### 🌐 **Full-Stack Web Developer** | 🖥️ **Tech Enthusiast**  
🚀 I’m passionate about building scalable, user-friendly web applications.  

## 🌟 GitHub Stats
![Asif's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=asif883&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

## 💡 About Me
### - 🔭 I specialize in the **MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)**.  
### - 🎨 Proficient in crafting responsive UIs with **Tailwind CSS** and **DaisyUI**.  
### - 🌱 Currently honing my skills in backend development and exploring advanced web technologies.  
### - 🛠️ Always excited about solving problems and creating impactful solutions.

  


## 💼 Tech Stack
**Frontend:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white)   ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)


  
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white)   ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white)

![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TailwindCSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) 




 

**Backend:**  
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white)  ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express.js-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white) 
 
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)  


## 💬 Let's Connect! 
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/asif-iqbal0)  
- 🌐 [Portfolio](https://asif-iqbal.vercel.app)  

### 💡 "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad."  

### Happy coding! 🚀

Commit message:

git stats and technology update

README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/asif883/asif883/refs/heads/main/images/github%20Cover%20Image.png">

### 🌐 **Full-Stack Web Developer** | 🖥️ **Tech Enthusiast**  
🚀 I’m passionate about building scalable, user-friendly web applications.  

## 🌟 GitHub Stats
![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=asif883&theme=radical&hide_border=true)


![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=asif883&layout=compact&theme=radical&langs_count=6&hide_border=true)

## 💡 About Me
#### - 🔭 I specialize in the **MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)**.  
#### - 🎨 Proficient in crafting responsive UIs with **Tailwind CSS** and **DaisyUI**.  
#### - 🌱 Currently honing my skills in backend development and exploring advanced web technologies.  
#### - 🛠️ Always excited about solving problems and creating impactful solutions.

## 💼 Tech Stack

**Frontend:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white)   ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js&logoColor=white)   ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)  ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white)   ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5&logoColor=white)  ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=white)  
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TailwindCSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Firebase-FFCA28?logo=firebase&logoColor=black)    

**Backend:**  
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=white)   ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express.js-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)   ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JWT-000000?logo=jsonwebtokens&logoColor=white)  

## 💬 Let's Connect! 
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/asif-iqbal0)  
- 🌐 [Portfolio](https://asif-iqbal.vercel.app)  

### 💡 "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad."  

### Happy coding! 🚀
